docs(ios): update getting started with new Spokestack facade (#118)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/iOS/getting-started.md

The `self` in this example means that `MyViewController` also implements `SpokestackDelegate`, which, conveniently enough, is the next step.

### 5. Implementing SpokestackDelegate

Now that we have an instance of `Spokestack`, we'll use the [delegate pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delegation_pattern) so that the ASR, NLU, and TTS features can send events to you. We'll do that in the same class we used in the previous step. All `SpokestackDelegate` functions are optional except for `failure(error:)`, so you will opt in to each one explictly, but for now we just need to use two of them. First, `failure(error:)`:

```swift

    func failure(error: Error) {
        print("failure \(String(describing: error))")
    }

```

This will allow Spokestack modules to communicate back to us if something goes wrong. You may also want to listen for `onInit`, which will tell you when Spokestack is ready to start:

```swift
    func onInit() {
        // ready! time to start listening
        spokestack.pipeline.start()
    }
```

> Next, you may not have noticed, but when we built `Spokestack`, we took advantage of a neat feature where Spokestack will automatically classify what the ASR hears. Translating what your user says into an action in your app is the job of an NLU, or natural language understanding, module. So let's see what it comes up with!

Reviewer: Small thing, but the last sentence here implies to me that it'll be followed by an example of the NLU actually classifying something. That's sort of what you have, since the sample delegate implementation does use intents from a specific model, but it switches from minecraft to a timer as an example app, and nothing tells the reader the intents vary by app.

Author: good catch, forgot to normalize the nlu examples

### 3. Your free Spokestack Account

> Go to [spokestack.io](/account/) to set up your own account (it's free!). Once you've got that, go [grab one of our free NLUs](/account/services/nlu). We'll use the `Highlow` one in this example, but you can choose another, or [create your own](/docs/Concepts/export) if you already have something on DialogFlow or Alexa!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [spokestack.io](/account/) to set up your own account (it's free!). Once you've got that, go [grab one of our free NLU models](/account/services/nlu). We'll use the `Highlow` one in this example, but you can choose another, or [create your own](/docs/Concepts/export) if you already have something on DialogFlow or Alexa!
```

    }
```

> Next, you may not have noticed, but when we built `Spokestack`, we took advantage of a neat feature where Spokestack will automatically classify what the ASR hears. Classifying what your user says into an action in your app is the job of an NLU, or natural language understanding, module. Earlier we configured Spokestack to classify what your user says in terms of guessing a number. Let's wire that up so that we can see what it comes up with!

Reviewer: I would've been fine with "translating" here, as "classifying ... into an action" feels a bit confusing to me, but not a big deal.

Author: "Classifying" has a consistency of language

If you want more fine-grained control over how the TTS response is played back, you're free to feed the `TextToSpeechResult.url` in the `success` handler into your own audio player. See the [cookbook](cookbook) for a quick version of that recipe.

## To wake or not to wake

> Now that you _have_ Spokestack all set up, how do you _use_ it? It's easy, but the answer depends on your app's needs:

Reviewer: This is sort of a repetition of the last sentence before "Talking back to your users", ~50 lines up.

> #### I want the user to tap a button before talking

Reviewer: Is going from h2 to h4 intentional here?

> We've already configured the speech pipeline to use a tap-to-talk option! After the pipeline is started, call `pipeline.activate()` in the action of whatever button you want to activate the microphone. This skips the wakeword step of the pipeline and starts the Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) component directly. ASR will stop automatically after the user is silent for a few seconds (how _many_ seconds is one of the configuration parameters we hinted at earlier) or after a preconfigured timeout is reached, but if you need to stop listening immediately for any reason, call `pipeline.deactivate()`. You can then call `pipeline.activate()` to start ASR again or `pipeline.stop()` to shut the pipeline down completely.

Reviewer: Earlier you said the default uses VAD-triggered ASR, not push-to-talk.

Note that, as we mentioned earlier, the very first time you start a speech pipeline, the microphone is activated, so your user will be presented with permissions modals for the microphone and speech recognition; you may want to plan for this in your designs.

#### I want to use a wakeword

> If you want your app to be controllable purely by voice, you need a wakeword — a word (or short phrase) that tells your app "the next thing the user says is meant for you". Spokestack comes with a default wakeword ("Spokestack", believe it or not), and that's enabled just by changing the pipeline profile enum in the `SpeechPipeline` we just set up. Try changing `.vadTriggerAppleSpeech` to `.appleWakewordAppleSpeech` in that first code example. Then, to begin listening for it, just call `pipeline.start()`.

Reviewer: You'll also need to supply wakeword models to the config.

Author: Not with `appleWakewordAppleSpeech`!

Reviewer: Oh right. I keep forgetting about that.

## To wake or not to wake

> When we first configured Spokestack, we used voice-activity activated speech recognition, but that's not the only way you can start classifying your users speech!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we first configured Spokestack, we used voice activity-activated speech recognition, but that's not the only way you can start transcribing your users' speech!
```
